Postfix rewrite (#16724)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/postfix-monitoring-integration.mdx

</figcaption>

> ## Set up the Postfix integration

Reviewer: Intro reads a little awkward but it's not letting edit in GH:

> Our Postfix integration consolidates mail server data into one view, so you can track how many emails are sent, bounced, or deferred in a given time period. Our Postfix integration uses our infrastructure monitoring agent, and gives you a pre-built dashboard with your most important Postfix metrics like email delivery process, mail queue, and message overview.

Reviewer: idk edit this so its smoother or just take it. "performance metrics" for a mail server felt a little stilted

Complete the following steps to set up the Postfix integration:

<Steps>
    <Step>
## Install the infrastructure agent [#infra-install]

To use the Postfix integration, you need to also [install the infrastructure agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/get-started/install-infrastructure-agent-new-relic/) on the same host. The infrastructure agent monitors the host itself, while the integration you'll install in the next step extends your monitoring with Postfix-specific data.        
    </Step>
    <Step>
## Export Postfix data [#export]

> Use `pflogsumm` to export your Postfix metrics. `Pflogsumm` is a log analyzer for Postfix agent and designed to provide an overview of Postfix activity, with enough detail to give the administrator a "heads up" for potential trouble spots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export your Postfix metrics with `pflogsumm`. The Postfix agent uses`pflogsumm` as a log analyzer, which translates into metric data about your Postfix activity. This gives you enough detail to anticipate potential incidences with email administration.
```

Follow these steps to use `pflogsumm`.

>   1. Run the following commands to download and extract `pflogsumm`:

Reviewer: Do they need to be in a particular directory?

    ```shell
    wget https://jimsun.linxnet.com/downloads/pflogsumm-1.1.3.tar.gz
    ```

    ```shell
    tar xvf pflogsumm-1.1.3.tar.gz
    ```

>   2. Navigate to the `pflogsumm` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Go to the `pflogsumm` folder. 
```

    ```shell
    cd pflogsumm-*.*.*
    ```

  3. Copy the `pflogsumm.pl` file to the path `/usr/local/bin/pflogsumm` :

    ```shell
    sudo cp pflogsumm.pl  /usr/local/bin/pflogsumm
    ```

  4. Run the following `pflogsumm` commands to export the Postfix metrics:

    ```shell
    cat /var/log/mail.log | pflogsumm
    cat /var/log/mail.log | pflogsumm -d today
    ```    
    </Step>
    <Step>
## Configure NRI-Flex for Postfix

> Flex, our application-agnostic monitoring tool, comes bundled with the New Relic infrastructure agent. To create a flex configuration file to report Postfix data follow these steps:

Reviewer: do we have an app-gnostic tool 😏

> Flex, our application-agnostic monitoring tool, comes bundled with the New Relic infrastructure agent. To create a flex configuration file to report Postfix data follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flex, our application-agnostic monitoring tool, comes bundled with the New Relic infrastructure agent. Follow these steps to create a flex configuration file for your Postfix data:
```

1. Create a file named `postfix-flex-config.yml`:

  ```shell
  touch /etc/newrelic-infra/integrations.d/postfix-flex-config.yml
  ```

> 2. Update the file `postfix-flex-config.yml`. You can use the configuration sample below, or create your own using the following pattern:

Reviewer: We should reorganize this step. Let me give it a stab

> 2. Update the file `postfix-flex-config.yml`. You can use the configuration sample below, or create your own using the following pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the file `postfix-flex-config.yml`. We recommend you work off our configuration sample below:

EXAMPLE HERE

If you'd prefer to make your own, then refer to the snippet below. Make sure that your yaml file follows this pattern:

```yml

- event_type: A New Relic database table that you can query using NRQL.
    commands: The command used to print metrics on the terminal.
```

Reviewer: although frankly i think this is even too verbose. customers can just refer to our provided snippet but the "make your own instructions" should prob just be AFTER the example with the explanations for the value they need to put in

> 2. Update the file `postfix-flex-config.yml`. You can use the configuration sample below, or create your own using the following pattern:

Reviewer: also indent this

                set_header: [Bounce.msgCount, bounceMessage]
                regex_match: true
                split_by: \s*(\d+)\s\s\s(.*.)
```        
    </Step>
    <Step>
## Forward your Postfix logs to New Relic

> 1. Create a file named `logging.yml` in the infrastrucutre agent directory: 

Reviewer: same comment as sonarqube. what value do customers get by forwarding logs? how does opting out of log forwarding degrade their data?

Author: I'll add a quick intro sentence, but I don't think we should delve into explaining the big "whys" and "hows" of logs. I think it is outside the scope of an intro experience, and getting users an experience with as much data as possible is the priority.

```shell
touch /etc/newrelic-infra/logging.d/logging.yml
```

2. Add the following snippet to the `logging.yml` file:

```yml
logs:
  - name: mail.log
    file: /var/log/mail.log
    attributes:
      logtype: postfix_maillog
```        
    </Step>
    <Step>
## Restart the infrastructure agent [#restart-infra]

Use the instructions in our [infrastructure agent docs](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/manage-your-agent/start-stop-restart-infrastructure-agent/) to restart your infrastructure agent. This is a basic command that should work for most people:

```shell
sudo systemctl restart newrelic-infra.service
```            
    </Step>
    <Step>
##  Monitor your application

Follow these steps to use our pre-built dashboard template to easily view your Postfix data:

> 1. Go to <DoNotTranslate>**[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/)**</DoNotTranslate> and click on <DoNotTranslate>**+ Add data**</DoNotTranslate>.

Reviewer: i'm just noticing this, but should these substeps be nested? i would go back and check sonarqube to make sure they are as well

> Your Postfix dashboard is considered a custom dashboard and can be found in the <DoNotTranslate>**Dashboards**</DoNotTranslate> UI. For docs on using and editing dashboards, see [our dashboard docs](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/introduction-dashboards).

Reviewer: I would spruce this step up and make it a 'View your data' pattern per other OHIs. I also don't think we should err on the side of linking out to docs in branching oHI steps bc it gets tedious + might deter customers from getting any value from it

Here's a few example NRQL queries for Postfix data:
  
View your latest message record's status

> ```sql

Reviewer: indent

SELECT * 
FROM PostfixGrandTotals
```

View your per-hour message records

> ```sql

Reviewer: indent
